Exercise 7 (#7)
Tasnima123/DevOps-Course-Starter: README.md

The difference between the dev and prod container is that the prov container uses Gunicorn to run the app, whereas the dev container uses Flask.

You can create either a development, production or test image from the same Dockerfile
by running the following for dev:
```bash
$ docker build --target development --tag todo-app:dev .
```
or the the following for prod:
```bash
$ docker build --target production --tag todo-app:prod .
```
or the the following for test:
```bash
$ docker build --target test --tag my-test-image .
```
___

You can then start the dev container by running:
```bash
$ docker run --env-file .env -p 5000:5000 -v $(pwd)/todo_app:/todo_app/todo_app  todo-app:dev
```
or you can start the prod container by running:
```bash
$ docker run --env-file .env -p 5000:5000 todo-app:prod
```
or you can start the test container by running:
```bash
$ docker run --env-file .env my-test-image tests/e2e
```
## Run Tests

For Selenium tests, Download Firefox beforehand and you will need to download the matching version of the Gecko Driver executable and place it in the root of your project - the selenium driver just uses this under the hood.

If in poetry env:

> * For unit and integration tests: run `pytest tests/test_IntUnit.py`
> * For Selenium tests: run `pytest tests/test_e2e.py`

Reviewer: This looks out of date

```suggestion
* For unit and integration tests: run `pytest tests/int_unit`
* For Selenium tests: run `pytest tests/e2e`
```

And same below
